docs: fix markdown formatting and structure issues (#23762)
openclaw/openclaw: docs/platforms/index.md

Bun is not recommended for the Gateway (WhatsApp/Telegram bugs).

Companion apps exist for macOS (menu bar app) and mobile nodes (iOS/Android). Windows and

> Linux companion apps are planned; for now, the Gateway is recommended via WSL2 on Windows.

Reviewer: I would suggest the following to make the wording a bit clearer:

```suggestion
Linux companion apps are planned, and the Gateway is already fully supported on both. A native Windows companion app is also planned; on Windows, we recommend running the Gateway with WSL2.
```
